what's the last thing you remember Danny
he said we had to route the reason you
survived it's because you're a very
uncommon girl you're not alone not
anymore
do you know what mutants are would
anyone like to shared their first time
brain I was 13 I thought it was a dream
but just lost control
some I started panicking people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend and partner
Giuliana
I killed 18 men one by
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your collar
so we can help you get better
I suppose something
I don't think she wanted me to see
[Music]
I don't think we're here to get better
this place takes your greatest fear and
later lived through it until it kills
you
[Music]
he's there we can get out of this
together
[Music]
[Applause]